# CoverScribe
#### Video Demo:  <[CoverScribe](https://youtu.be/YRElS-ZM5XQ)>
#### Description: This application creates a cover letter using information about the person who is logged in and the job application to create a cover letter with ChatGPT. This idea came to me when applying to over 300 jobs out of college in a competitive market and created too many cover letters for the end result to be a rejection email the next day. This made me think that there has to be a way to automate the process just a little bit. In templates, you will be able to see all of the html files for each page. The layout.html holds the standard header and footer each html file will contain. The Layout.html holds the ablility to be able to navigate to different screens like edit information and create cover letter as well as being able to log out. Login.html file make sure that you have signed up before and you have the correct password. Register.htlm creates a new profile and adds it to the users table of the database. once registered it send the user straight to the edit_info.html page which acts like a form to submit all information about the user. later the user can use the edit_info.html to make changes on their profile and add more information without losing what they already had. create_cover.html is a form where the user adds information about a job so that chat-gpt can use this information to create a perfect cover letter. Once the cover letter is generated, ther letter_view.html page comes up with the whole letter along with two buttons. There is a copy to clipboard button as well as an edit button. Once edit is clicked it takes the user to the letter_editor.html page which is one big textarea input where you can edit and save changes. Once the user submits the changes it will bring them back to the letter_view.html where they can copy the cover letter again. The letter_view.html file contains java script to control the copy to keyboard functionality while the edit button is done in the app.py file. App.py is the python functionality happening in the background. This controls every page change and every action. It is mostly page handling but it also deals with keeping track of the input feild data as well as inserting it into a sql data base. In users.sql this is where I ran all my scripts to create my data base tables. In personal.db contains all of my tables. with information from each user. I have a table that holds the persons account username and password with a primary unique key and then a table that holds the information about the person that is relavent in a cover letter. In the static folder, I have the style.css file, which is utilized to add a more appealing interface. There were multiple features that I wanted to add to this project and most likely will in the future, but I needed to get this turned in for my cs50 final project. Some of those features include adding a history page where you can go back to see recent cover letters and the dates they were created. Along with this I wanted to create a web scraping functionality that once the link for the job post is provided it will fill out all necessary information and then generate the cover letter. The goal is to automate the process as much as possible while still making sure that the user has the ability to customize the letter while offering aid to give ideas and speed the process.
